some people's enjoys the hardware will
support the OTG concern but actually
maybe the software it do not support
because some some manufacturer they may
deal is some file in the Android system
so I am going to tell you that which
file is missing so that your Android
device cannot support a co-teacher first
you may download a software like file
manager and now I'm using the are ye
many file manager you may download any
file manager unite and first user fine
the location of the valve will be in
system and then it is here and then to
permission
if you're the Android device supporter
OTG is to be in good this file this file
will be enjoy hardware dot USB the host
dot XML if your system do not contain
this file you may put it back into this
location so to make your device to
support OTG you can see the location
system EDC and permission and this is
the file enjoy hardware USB host dot XML
thank you